IAM 892 - login handler and authentication middleware implementation according to spec ID036 (#338)
canonical/identity-platform-admin-ui: OAUTH2.md

OAUTH2_REDIRECT_URI=http://localhost:${PORT}/api/v0/auth/callback
OAUTH2_CODEGRANT_SCOPES=openid,offline_access (defaults to these two, technically two more would be needed: "profile,email")
OAUTH2_AUTH_COOKIES_ENCRYPTION_KEY="WrfOcYmVBwyduEbKYTUhO4X7XVaOQ1wF" (required, this needs to be exactly 32 bytes in lenght secret key)

> OAUTH2_REFRESHTOKEN_COOKIE_TTL_SECONDS=expiration in seconds for the refresh token cookie, should match the hydra refresh token ttl, (defaults to 21600)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth2UserSessionTTLSeconds=expiration in seconds for the auth session cookie, should match the hydra refresh token ttl, (defaults to 21600)
```

Author: Done, thanks!
